Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/checkbox/index.md

## Description

> The Checkbox component allows the user to selection an option from a list of checkboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkbox dialog field allows the user to selection an option from a list of checkboxes.
```
